# Week8
Pre-MidTerm

This directory holds all my shellscripts for week8 

Chp2.sh:

	This script creates a directory and 2 files. A variable is used to create and manipulate the directory
and the 2 files throughout the script. The 2 files created hold the output of the /etc/hosts and /etc/passwd 
configuration files. The cat command was use to place this information into the generated files instead of 
having the cat command output the /etc files info to stdout the redirection character > was use to rederected 
to said generated files.An if statement is created to ask the user if they what the info to be display in the stdout
using the head and tail commands only a couple of lines of each file is displayed.
Later one of the files gets deleted and another gets renamed. The last thing is another
if statement asking if the user wants the script to delete the derectory and its files, this is done if the user
answers Yes if the user answers no or anything other than Yes an echo
message states that you must manually delete the directory and the files. 
the command rm -rf dirName will delete the directory and all the files within.

Chp3.sh:

	This script uses an if loop/statement to allow you to see what happens when you try to 
write random stuff generated by the /dev/urandom file to the /dev/full file using the dd command.
Writting to the /dev/full file will always return an error of Not enough space.
This script also allows you to see how the Kernel and udev communicate using uevents when a USB is connected to the computer this is printed out to the standard output using the udevadm monitor command. Its a simple script.
TO QUIT OUT of the last part of the scrip use the FOLLOWING KEYS: Ctrl c.

Chp4.sh

	This script lets you gather information about your connected devices using the sudo fdisk-l
command. From there the script asks if you would like to manage any of the connected devices.
if the answer is not No then the if statement or loop takes your input and unmounts it if its mounted then runs the fdisk utility. You now have the option to format the device using  the ext4 file system. The file system gets mounted at this point.
There are a few issues in the second if loop of the script, I dont know if the variable MANAGE will be the same as the new partition because of the new partition created. If anyone has any input please let me know.
IF YOU HAVE A OLD USB THAT YOU DONT CARE ABOUT TRY THIS SCRIPT OUT WITH IT!
LET ME KNOW OF THE ISSUES YOU ENCOUNTER AND HOW I CAN FIX IT!
